README.md, before:

# Software Engineering Resources
> A curated list of resources from software engineering courses online, at BYU, and my web browsing

Oftentimes I read these pages only to get the minimum amount of information for a required assignment, and then I moved on. I've collected them here for further study.

#### Activity C - CSS Part 1 & 2; Web Design Principles Part 1 & 2;  
[Learning CSS Part 1](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C1_%20Learning%20CSS%20Part%201.pdf)  
[Learning CSS Part 2](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C2_%20Learning%20CSS%20Part%202.pdf)  
[Learning Web Design Principles Part 1](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C3_%20Learning%20Web%20Design%20Principles%20Part%201.pdf)  
[Learning Web Design Principles Part 2](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C4_%20Learning%20Web%20Design%20Principles%20Part%202.pdf)  


#### Activity D - Development Workflow with Git; Understanding HTTP; Web Server Configuration;  
[Exercise Git](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_D_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20D7_%20Development%20Workflow%20with%20Git.pdf)  
[Exercise HTTP](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_D_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20D8_%20Understanding%20HTTP.pdf)  
[Exercise Web Server Config](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_D_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20D9_%20Web%20Server%20Configuration.pdf)  


#### Activity J - Learing Javascript Part 4 & Part 5; Debugging Javascript;
[Exercise Part 4](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_J_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20J4_%20Learning%20JavaScript%20Part%204.pdf)  
[Exercise Part 5](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_J_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20J5_%20Learning%20JavaScript%20Part%205.pdf)  
[Exercise Debugging Javascript](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_J_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20J6_%20Debugging%20JavaScript.pdf)  


#### Activity V - Learing Vue; Todo List; Learning the Vue CLI;
[Exercise Learning Vue](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20V1_%20Learning%20Vue.pdf)  
[Exercise Todo List](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20V2_%20Todo%20List.pdf)  
[Exercise Learning the Vue CLI](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/%20Activity%20V3_%20Learning%20the%20Vue%20CLI.pdf)  
[Exercise Learnering Vue Router](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/Activity%20V4_%20Learning%20Vue%20Router%20(OPTIONAL%2C%20NOT%20GRADED).pdf)


#### Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana
[Readings](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana/Application%20Monitoring%20with%20Prometheus%20and%20Grafana%20Pre-Class%20Reading%20and%20Assignment.pdf)
[Quiz](./Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana/Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana-quiz.md)
[Tutorial and Lab](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana/Application%20Monitoring%20with%20Prometheus%20and%20Grafana%20Tutorial%20and%20Lab.pdf)

#### Aspect Oriented Programming 
[Readings](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/aspect-oriented-programming/Aspect%20Oriented%20Programming%20Pre-class%20Reading%20and%20Assignment.pdf)  
[Quiz](./aspect-oriented-programming/aspect-oriented-programming-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/aspect-oriented-programming/Aspect%20Oriented%20Programming%20Tutorial%20and%20Lab.pdf)  

#### Basic Testing Concepts
[Readings](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/basic-testing-concepts/Basic%20Testing%20Concepts%20Pre-Class%20Assignment.pdf)  
[Quiz](./basic-testing-concepts/basic_testing-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial - Defining Good Test Cases](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/basic-testing-concepts/Basic%20Testing%20Concepts%20Lab.pdf)  

#### Code Reviews

[Material](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fDF5F4Ne_P8LKLvKWe-W62MOL9EOa0K9To-LsuEARbw/edit?usp=sharing "Code Reviews")  
[Quiz](./code-review/code-review-quiz.md)  
[Exercise](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xu1gTcs3_MDw_ZFHRhB6KighQhR0AY4fmADJUJdTGCc/edit?usp=sharing)  

#### Creative Project

[Project 1](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%231.pdf)  
[Project 2](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%232.pdf)  
[Project 3](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%233.pdf)  
[Project 4](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%234.pdf)  

#### Docker
[Install, Set up and Run a Container](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/docker/docker-reading.pdf)  
[Quiz](./docker/docker-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/docker/docker-tutorial.pdf)  

#### Jenkins
###### Simple Deployment Pipeline
[Build a Simple Deployment Pipeline](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/simple/jenkins-simple-build.pdf)  
[Quiz](./jenkins/simple/jenkins-simple-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/simple/jenkins-simple-tutorial.pdf)  
###### Continuous Delivery
[More Jenkins Features](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/cd/jenkins-cd-reading.pdf)  
[Quiz](./jenkins/cd/jenkins-cd-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/cd/jenkins-cd-tutorial.pdf) 


#### Labs 1-5; 
[🛠️ Lab 1_ Photographer's Website.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%201_%20Photographer's%20Website.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 2_ Weather App.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%202_%20Weather%20App.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 3a_ Vue XKCD Browser.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%203a_%20Vue%20XKCD%20Browser.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 3b_ Grocery Store.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%203b_%20Grocery%20Store.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 4_ Museum of Ordinary Objects.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%204_%20Museum%20of%20Ordinary%20Objects.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 5_ Photo Bomb.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%205_%20Photo%20Bomb.pdf)  


#### Markdown
[Adam Pritchard's Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#hr)  
[Markdown by John Gruber](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/)  
[Markdown on Github](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github)  
[Awesome Markdown Collection](https://github.com/mundimark/awesome-markdown)  
###### Tools for Markdown  
[StackEdit: In-browser MD document editor](https://stackedit.io/)  
[Minimalist Online Markdown Editor](http://markdown.pioul.fr/)  
[Mou: macOS editor](http://25.io/mou/)  
[Haroopad: Cross-platform editor](http://pad.haroopress.com/user.html)  

#### Maven

[Material](./maven/maven-reading.md)  
[Quiz](./maven/maven-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/maven/maven-tutorial.pdf)  

#### MongoDB

[Learning MongoDB - BYU](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/learning-mongo)

#### Node.js & Express

[Learning Node and Express as a backend - BYU](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/learning-node-express)  
[Node, Express, and Vue Todo List - BYU](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/node-express-vue-todo)

#### Security

[Securing Websites with Certificates](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/website-certificates)  
[Authenticating Users](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/authenticating-users). 


#### Test-Driven Development (TDD)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development

[Quiz](./test-driven-development/test-driven-development-quiz.md)

#### Virtual Machines
[Setting up a Virtual Machine (VirtualBox)](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/virtual-machines/vm-setup.pdf)  
[Quiz](./virtual-machines/vm-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/virtual-machines/vm-tutorial.pdf)

Commit message:

Added Grokking Algorithms book for Data Structures and Algorithms

README.md, after:

# Software Engineering Resources
> A curated list of resources from software engineering courses online, at BYU, and my web browsing

Oftentimes I read these pages only to get the minimum amount of information for a required assignment, and then I moved on. I've collected them here for further study.

#### Activity C - CSS Part 1 & 2; Web Design Principles Part 1 & 2;  
[Learning CSS Part 1](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C1_%20Learning%20CSS%20Part%201.pdf)  
[Learning CSS Part 2](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C2_%20Learning%20CSS%20Part%202.pdf)  
[Learning Web Design Principles Part 1](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C3_%20Learning%20Web%20Design%20Principles%20Part%201.pdf)  
[Learning Web Design Principles Part 2](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Activity_C_Folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20C4_%20Learning%20Web%20Design%20Principles%20Part%202.pdf)  


#### Activity D - Development Workflow with Git; Understanding HTTP; Web Server Configuration;  
[Exercise Git](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_D_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20D7_%20Development%20Workflow%20with%20Git.pdf)  
[Exercise HTTP](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_D_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20D8_%20Understanding%20HTTP.pdf)  
[Exercise Web Server Config](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_D_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20D9_%20Web%20Server%20Configuration.pdf)  


#### Activity J - Learing Javascript Part 4 & Part 5; Debugging Javascript;
[Exercise Part 4](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_J_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20J4_%20Learning%20JavaScript%20Part%204.pdf)  
[Exercise Part 5](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_J_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20J5_%20Learning%20JavaScript%20Part%205.pdf)  
[Exercise Debugging Javascript](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_J_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20J6_%20Debugging%20JavaScript.pdf)  


#### Activity V - Learing Vue; Todo List; Learning the Vue CLI;
[Exercise Learning Vue](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20V1_%20Learning%20Vue.pdf)  
[Exercise Todo List](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/%F0%9F%92%BB%20Activity%20V2_%20Todo%20List.pdf)  
[Exercise Learning the Vue CLI](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/%20Activity%20V3_%20Learning%20the%20Vue%20CLI.pdf)  
[Exercise Learnering Vue Router](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Activity_V_folder/Activity%20V4_%20Learning%20Vue%20Router%20(OPTIONAL%2C%20NOT%20GRADED).pdf)


#### Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana
[Readings](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana/Application%20Monitoring%20with%20Prometheus%20and%20Grafana%20Pre-Class%20Reading%20and%20Assignment.pdf)
[Quiz](./Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana/Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana-quiz.md)
[Tutorial and Lab](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Application-Monitoring-with-Prometheus-and-Grafana/Application%20Monitoring%20with%20Prometheus%20and%20Grafana%20Tutorial%20and%20Lab.pdf)

#### Aspect Oriented Programming 
[Readings](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/aspect-oriented-programming/Aspect%20Oriented%20Programming%20Pre-class%20Reading%20and%20Assignment.pdf)  
[Quiz](./aspect-oriented-programming/aspect-oriented-programming-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/aspect-oriented-programming/Aspect%20Oriented%20Programming%20Tutorial%20and%20Lab.pdf)  

#### Basic Testing Concepts
[Readings](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/basic-testing-concepts/Basic%20Testing%20Concepts%20Pre-Class%20Assignment.pdf)  
[Quiz](./basic-testing-concepts/basic_testing-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial - Defining Good Test Cases](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/basic-testing-concepts/Basic%20Testing%20Concepts%20Lab.pdf)  

#### Code Reviews

[Material](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fDF5F4Ne_P8LKLvKWe-W62MOL9EOa0K9To-LsuEARbw/edit?usp=sharing "Code Reviews")  
[Quiz](./code-review/code-review-quiz.md)  
[Exercise](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xu1gTcs3_MDw_ZFHRhB6KighQhR0AY4fmADJUJdTGCc/edit?usp=sharing)  

#### Creative Project

[Project 1](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%231.pdf)  
[Project 2](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%232.pdf)  
[Project 3](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%233.pdf)  
[Project 4](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Creative-Project/%F0%9F%8E%A8%20Creative%20Project%20%234.pdf)  

### Data Structures
[Book - Grokking Algorithms: An illustrated guide for programmers and other curious people](https://www.amazon.com.tr/Grokking-Algorithms-Aditya-Y-Bhargava/dp/1617292230)

#### Docker
[Install, Set up and Run a Container](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/docker/docker-reading.pdf)  
[Quiz](./docker/docker-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/docker/docker-tutorial.pdf)  

#### Jenkins
###### Simple Deployment Pipeline
[Build a Simple Deployment Pipeline](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/simple/jenkins-simple-build.pdf)  
[Quiz](./jenkins/simple/jenkins-simple-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/simple/jenkins-simple-tutorial.pdf)  
###### Continuous Delivery
[More Jenkins Features](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/cd/jenkins-cd-reading.pdf)  
[Quiz](./jenkins/cd/jenkins-cd-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/jenkins/cd/jenkins-cd-tutorial.pdf) 


#### Labs 1-5; 
[🛠️ Lab 1_ Photographer's Website.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%201_%20Photographer's%20Website.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 2_ Weather App.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%202_%20Weather%20App.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 3a_ Vue XKCD Browser.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%203a_%20Vue%20XKCD%20Browser.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 3b_ Grocery Store.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%203b_%20Grocery%20Store.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 4_ Museum of Ordinary Objects.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%204_%20Museum%20of%20Ordinary%20Objects.pdf)  
[🛠️ Lab 5_ Photo Bomb.pdf](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/Work/Labs/%F0%9F%9B%A0%EF%B8%8F%20Lab%205_%20Photo%20Bomb.pdf)  


#### Markdown
[Adam Pritchard's Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#hr)  
[Markdown by John Gruber](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/)  
[Markdown on Github](https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github)  
[Awesome Markdown Collection](https://github.com/mundimark/awesome-markdown)  
###### Tools for Markdown  
[StackEdit: In-browser MD document editor](https://stackedit.io/)  
[Minimalist Online Markdown Editor](http://markdown.pioul.fr/)  
[Mou: macOS editor](http://25.io/mou/)  
[Haroopad: Cross-platform editor](http://pad.haroopress.com/user.html)  

#### Maven

[Material](./maven/maven-reading.md)  
[Quiz](./maven/maven-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/maven/maven-tutorial.pdf)  

#### MongoDB

[Learning MongoDB - BYU](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/learning-mongo)

#### Node.js & Express

[Learning Node and Express as a backend - BYU](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/learning-node-express)  
[Node, Express, and Vue Todo List - BYU](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/node-express-vue-todo)

#### Security

[Securing Websites with Certificates](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/website-certificates)  
[Authenticating Users](https://github.com/BYU-CS-260/authenticating-users). 


#### Test-Driven Development (TDD)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development

[Quiz](./test-driven-development/test-driven-development-quiz.md)

#### Virtual Machines
[Setting up a Virtual Machine (VirtualBox)](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/virtual-machines/vm-setup.pdf)  
[Quiz](./virtual-machines/vm-quiz.md)  
[Tutorial](https://github.com/JaredEzz/software-engineering-resources/blob/master/virtual-machines/vm-tutorial.pdf)
